[birds chirping]
[teacher] We have
a transfer student joining us today.
Go ahead and introduce yourself.
I'm Minori Asagiri.
Nice to meet you.
["99.9" playing]
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! ♪
♪ Coming down ♪
♪ Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob ♪
♪ Can't you feel your own frustration? ♪
♪ Coming down ♪
♪ Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob ♪
♪ What do you want to be? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Break it down ♪
♪ Ninety-nine point nine!
Ninety-nine point nine! ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Cryin' my life, cryin' my psyche ♪
♪ Cryin' my heart in such common places ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ The Mob is alive ♪
♪ The Mob is high ♪
♪ The Mob is staying frustrated
Aren't you? ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Your life is your own ♪
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! ♪
[song concludes]
DISCORD
~CHOICES~
[school bell chimes]
[student 1] For real?
Your dad runs a company? No way!
-[student 2] That's awesome!
-Wanna see the mansion?
I sure do!
[student 3] Why don't we make it
a welcoming party?
[student 2] Sounds like a plan!
Whoever's going, write your name down.
-[student 4] You got it!
-[student 5] There we go.
-[gasps]
-[student 5] See you there!
-[student 6] Should we ask Kageyama?
-[student 4] What do you think?
[students laugh]
So, what's his story? Token loser?
[student 1] Who knows?
I've never really thought about him.
[student 2] Yeah, he's barely noticeable.
[Minori] Hmm.
-Is that so?
-[indistinct chatter]
[Mogami] Everybody here
is an accurate representation
of actual people from the real world.
So what you're experiencing
is a parallel world
that could've easily come to pass
had your circumstances
been slightly different.
I'll just sit back
and observe how you fare
in this environment without your powers.
-[slap]
-[teacher] You don't know, huh?
Don't give me that!
Are my lessons that boring for you?
You can remain standing.
[student 1] All that was left
was the basic addition.
-[student 2] Talk about lame.
-[student 3] What an idiot.
[student 4 laughs] Cut it out, guys.
-[student 5] He's completely frozen.
-[student 6 giggles]
[Mogami] You had many relationships
in real life,
and you were fortunate enough
to be surrounded by good people.
But situations like that are rare.
[Sugimoto] No phone, no wallet,
and no parents at home, huh?
Don't give me that crap!
How about I break your nose?
[Mob] Please. Just let me go.
What's that? You wanna go?
-Bring it, you little baby! Come on!
-[bully] Get him, Sugimoto! Do it!
-[Sugimoto] Fight me!
-[bully] Kick his ass!
[Sugimoto]
What the hell are you looking at?
[water rippling]
[Mogami] Your extremely talented brother
is just a stranger here.
I've noticed that you tend to refrain
from using your powers
in your personal life.
I assume you're trying to become
a better person
by focusing on your social skills
rather than your abilities.
How very noble of you.
But only the fortunate in life
would even have that idea.
Shows how lightly you take the real world.
It'd be so much easier if I were stronger.
-Here, got some milk for you!
-[gasps]
Wait, I thought I heard you say
that you loved milk.
Isn't this what you meant?
Ew. You totally reek.
-[students laugh]
-[teacher] All right, settle down.
And one of you better mop that up.
[students continue laughing]
[Mogami] I'm sure this seems
incomprehensible to you,
but she's bullying you
to secure her position in society.
It's something she
and many people do routinely.
-[distorted laughter]
-[Mogami] If you don't become stronger,
you'll be used, exploited,
and will forever be
-a stepping stone for others.
-[laughter stops]
[Dimple] Not looking good.
Pretty sure Shigeo lost.
[Reigen]
But it hasn't even been 30 minutes yet.
That's way too long!
He should've been completely done
in less than a minute.
'Cause if this keeps up,
he'll lose his sense of self.
And he's gonna die!
Mob is someone who has a knack
for solving things on his own.
[chuckles] Unlike me,
he's actually pretty strong and capable.
[Dimple] Quit being naive.
The next time this guy wakes up,
he's gonna wipe the floor with us.
-[tense music playing]
-[Mogami] Anxiety, fear, rage.
All the negative emotions
are welling up inside you.
But after living in this world
for six months without your powers,
I'd say that's only natural.
[chuckles] You kept telling yourself
you mustn't misuse your abilities.
[car horns honking]
[Mogami] I could see spirits
since the day I was born.
I even had the power to exorcise them.
At first, I used my abilities for good.
Giving advice
and solving various problems.
THE PSYCHIC OF THE CENTURY
[Mogami] But my mother developed
a mysterious illness,
and the fees for her treatment
were beyond obscene.
Eventually,
I started taking underground jobs
to make ends meet.
And I killed people for money.
I even gave up sleep
to earn as much as I could.
-[heart monitor beeps]
-[Mogami] Despite all that,
my mother still died.
The cause remained unclear to the end.
And there was nothing anyone could do.
But then, I found out the truth.
After her death, my mother became
an evil spirit and said…
[Mogami's mother] You did this to me.
It's all your fault!
[Mogami] The deeds I committed
to help pay the bills brought evil
around me,
and that's what ended up plaguing her.
I should've doubted my way of life,
how I was being used by others.
Early yesterday, Keiji Mogami…
SUICIDE BY HANGING
[Mogami] After my demise,
I became an evil spirit
and decided to use my powers
for myself this time
-and change the world.
-[dramatic musical sting]
[Mogami] I sought out those
who brought misery and misfortune
-to others and punished them.
-[blood splatters]
[Mogami] By dwelling inside that girl,
I knew I would be able
to take down a number
of these self-proclaimed psychics as well.
These acts of justice are how I chose
to use my abilities.
You are allowed
to use your powers for yourself.
You should use them for yourself.
You understand that now, don't you?
-[indistinct chatter]
-[music concludes]
[Mob] Here you go.
[chuckles softly]
-[Minori] So what the hell are you doing?
-[gasps]
[Minori] Don't you know
that feeding strays
is a disservice to the public?
-What are you gonna do about it?
-[Mob] N… Nothing, I guess.
Really? That poor thing. In that case,
the cat's probably better off dead
than alive.
I'll just drop it off at a shelter.
[Mob] Don't.
-I'll keep it. I'll take care of it.
-Quit scaring Minori, you punk!
-You hear me?
-[groans]
-[student grunts]
-[Mob grunts]
[door cracks, shatters]
Holy crap, the door just broke open!
But it was sealed up so tightly
a minute ago.
The reason it worked out
is because he's not concentrating
as much of his power out here.
-[indistinct chatter]
-Now we can all make a run for it!
-[man 1] Call an ambulance!
-[man 2] Help carry the wounded!
You're not staying here?
Shigeo's done for. You gotta accept that.
-Why not run away?
-Because I still have faith in him.
In this situation?
You're not really that stupid, are ya?
-Yup. Actually, I am.
-[instrumental music playing]
Let me guess, this is the first time
someone's placed so much trust
in you too, right?
Uh. [sighs]
Mob only trusts us because he's stupid.
See how that works?
I've still got plenty of use for him.
And considering that,
running away
is the last thing I wanna do. [chuckles]
[sighs]
[dramatic musical sting]
[Dimple] Well, I can't bring out
Shigeo's latent powers on my own.
And since that's not going to change,
it'd be more effective
to manipulate him from the shadows.
Okay, I've changed my mind.
I'm staying behind as well.
Good. Let's wait this out.
[Dimple] Oh, no.
Waiting's not gonna bring him back.
Guess I'll have to find a way
to take care of this one myself.
[all laughing]
[Mogami] Are you frustrated? Enraged?
-Do you hate them? Do you despise them?
-[laughs]
[Mogami] They are a cancer to society.
Stop letting them use you
however they choose.
Let yourself be reborn as my sympathizer.
I shall give you strength,
make your negative emotions explode,
and then use them
against the entire world!
-[dramatic musical sting]
-[all yell]
[Dimple grunting]
I'm having a hard time getting in.
Shigeo actually got through this shield?
-Damn it!
-[energy whirring]
-[whooshing]
-Whoa!
Feels like my spiritual power
is suddenly spiking.
That should do the trick!
What do you know? Looks like it worked.
[Matsuo] You owe me one.
Now that I've helped you,
you'd better win this.
What… What's with you all of a sudden?
[whimpers]
You better stay away from me,
or I'll have Papa's bodyguards
beat the crap out of you!
-[Mob] I doubt it.
-[suspenseful music playing]
[whimpers]
-[Mob] Apologize.
-[Minori whimpers]
-[Mogami] Yes! Make her disappear!
-Apologize.
[gasps, whimpers]
I… I'm sorry.
If you ever bother me again,
you'll regret it.
-Just die, you freak!
-[bone crunching]
-[body thuds]
-[gasps]
[chuckles] Yeah, that's right,
you should just die.
[Mob gasps, whimpers]
What did I ever do to you? To any of you?
I can't think of anything.
Either way, it doesn't matter.
None of this matters.
-[student grunts]
-[Mogami] There. It's complete.
You finally changed.
-[chokes]
-[Mogami] You were a lot like me…
and that's why I didn't want you
to travel the same path I did.
-[music stops]
-Yo.
[Mob] The snot's talking to me!
[Dimple] Whoa, you're pretty far gone,
aren't ya?
Hey! Do you know who I am?
[Mob] What the heck is this thing?
Actually, before that…
-Aha!
-[Mogami grunts]
-Quit your spying!
-[tense music playing]
[Dimple] Damn you for actually falling
for these illusions.
-[energy whirring]
-[Dimple] Fine.
I'll have to use all the spiritual power
I've stocked up,
-but time for shock therapy!
-[Mob grunts]
[dramatic music playing]
[Mob grunts]
Get it together, Shigeo!
Reigen and I are waiting for you outside!
Wait, what? Who's Reigen?
-[cell phone ringing]
-[gasps]
[Reigen] Oh, hey, Mob.
Sorry, but could you hurry to the office?
A huge job just came in.
Your master needs your help,
so, uh, shake a leg.
Master?
Stop using your powers for dumb things
in this made-up world!
Don't you want to be an inspiration
for your little brother?
-I have a little… brother? [gasps]
-[music concludes]
[Mob] I wore the wrong shoes.
These are Ritsu's.
[Dimple] Don't let Mogami mess
with your head like that.
You've always stuck to your values,
even when you fought Hanazawa!
That's right.
I shouldn't use these powers
against other people.
On top of that, why are you losing
to a bunch of common street thugs?
Aren't you in the Body Improvement Club?
What happened to all those muscles
you've been building up?
Look, I don't know
how much time you've spent
in this lousy excuse for a world,
but this isn't like you.
Do you want your beloved Tsubomi
to hate your guts?
[gasps]
-[upbeat music playing]
-[wind blowing]
Well done, kid.
-Hey, bro!
-'Sup?
[Musashi] Body improvement!
[all] Fight on!
[Dimple] Now that's a bit much.
-[steam hisses]
-Uh…
[Mob] I remember now.
Hmm? Then you remember me too, don't ya?
We're partners!
No, doesn't really ring a bell.
-[Dimple] Oh, seriously?
-[whizzing]
I'm only kidding.
Thanks, Dimple. You saved me.
[Mogami] It doesn't matter
if your memories return to you or not.
The six months you've spent here
are forever etched
into your heart and mind.
I know you were hearing
my voice subconsciously.
Mogami.
[Mob] Yeah, and it's just like you said.
The world can be a cruel
and messed-up place.
You helped me see it in a new light.
[Dimple] Huh? Wait. Don't tell me you--
I'm surrounded by good people.
I need to be more thankful for them.
Once I'm back in the real world.
[Mogami]
So that's how it's going to be, huh?
And here I thought
I'd found a kindred spirit.
-How disappointing.
-[dark energy whooshing]
[Mob] One other thing.
When you interact with other people,
it can have an effect.
And because of that, I was able to change.
Thanks to them, I'm stronger.
Much stronger than if I'd been on my own.
If I'm able to change,
then anyone should be able to.
We can lift each other up.
No one is worthless.
That's enough. Don't say another word.
If you do, there'll be hell to pay.
The Shigeo you created in this world
might give in to you, but I won't.
I'm not running.
I've got a job to do.
I still have to save that awful Minori.
[music concludes]
-[lightning cracks]
-[thunder rumbling]
[dramatic musical sting]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Dimple] A spiritual mutation?
Guess we're gonna have to fight.
You up for this, Shigeo?
[spirits explode]
Suppose I'll take that as a yes.
[gasps] Here come some more!
[spirits explode]
[Dimple] Every being in this world is…
-[spirits moaning]
-[explosion]
-[Dimple] Shigeo!
-Uh?
-[suspenseful music continues]
-[wind whooshing]
[thudding]
[grunts, gasps]
That's… [grunts]
-[thudding]
-[Mob grunts]
I'm going to defeat this evil spirit
and go back to reality.
[Mogami] And what good would that do?
Your life won't change,
nor will the absurdity of society.
There will always be plenty of things
in the world to bring you down.
-[Mob] The outside world is scary?
-[evil spirit growls, roars]
[Mogami] Yes. Life is frustrating,
devoid of meaning, and so, so painful.
[Mob] I can hear them.
-[spirits moaning]
-[Mob] The voices of the dead.
They're speaking to me.
So many screams.
They died feeling like this?
Is this how they felt
when they were alive?
The world can be such a cruel place.
Am I really going to be able to--
-[Minori] Please.
-[gasps]
-That voice!
-[Minori] Please, help me.
[Mob] Wait. That's right.
I remember now.
I came here to save someone.
[explosion]
[Mob] I always thought
these powers were trivial.
That they were no good to anybody.
-[dramatic music playing]
-[Mob] But I can use them to save people!
It doesn't matter what you do.
You can never defeat me!
-[spirits exploding]
-[energy whooshing]
-[explosion]
[Dimple] Well, I'll be damned.
Shigeo! You did it!
[ground rumbling]
[Mogami] You're not the same boy
from earlier.
-Tell me. Who are you?
-[electricity crackles]
Now you're gonna find out
just how strong this kid really is!
You're looking at the freaky-but-true form
he reveals when he's super pissed!
-You're in for it n-- Huh?
-[Mob] Dimple.
It's dangerous,
so stay back and leave this to me.
[Dimple] He really has changed, huh?
[ground rumbling]
[narrator] Mogami had made the mistake
of overlooking something
-that lay dormant within Mob.
-[Mogami roars]
[narrator]
Hearts are made up of two sides.
Just as happiness gleams
in the shadows of sorrow,
only in the darkest depths of fear
does courage truly shine.
-[explosion]
-[dramatic music continues]
[rumbling]
-[explosion]
-[music intensifies]
[music concludes]
[explosions]
[narrator] The powerful blast created
from Mob's positive emotions at 100%
annihilated the great
and powerful evil spirit, Mogami.
-Or at least, that's how it looked.
-[spirits moaning]
[Mogami] Now that they've lost me,
their vessel,
all of the evil spirits
I'd taken in and controlled
will be freed into the universe.
Good luck.
Not even I can stop them anymore.
-[Dimple] Shigeo!
-Dimple! Get out of here!
-I'm gonna be all right! Just leave me!
-Really? You sure about that?
-[gasps]
-[Mob yelling]
-[explosion]
-[dramatic music playing]
[energy beams whirring]
[rumbling]
[Mob] I'm going to save Minori
-and exorcise these guys before I go.
-[evil spirit groaning]
[Mob] I'll be back, I promise.
Don't worry.
[Dimple] Hmm.
[scoffs] You wanna eat me too?
Fine! Catch me if you can, ya bastards!
Bring it! [grunts]
-See you on the other side! [grunts]
-[explosion]
[spirits moaning]
[Mob] In this world,
everything I can see is a spirit.
[dramatic music continues]
[Mob] And I have to cast them all out.
[Mogami] No matter how much you struggle,
your path will lead you
to the same place mine did.
-To ruin.
-[explosion]
[Mob grunts]
[spirits whooshing]
[Mob gasps]
-[explosion]
-[electricity crackles]
-[grunts]
-[music concludes]
-[explosion]
-[evil spirit roars]
[explosions]
-[explosion]
-[lightning cracks]
[gasps]
-[explosion]
-[energy whooshing]
[Mob] No! I still have to save her! Wait!
[explosion]
[Mob] It can't end like this!
[energy whooshing]
[explosion]
-[explosions]
-[electricity crackles]
[loud explosion]
[Mogami] Ah, I see.
Once your vessel
has been completely shattered,
that is what remains?
[Mob gasps]
I almost thought you were dead.
Man, that took you ages.
Yes, it did.
Master, how's Minori?
Well, if you're awake, then maybe…
-[ghostly whooshing]
-[Mob] He's still… [grunts]
[Mogami] You've made your choice, kid.
I'll keep watching from afar
to see if you made the right one.
[Matsuo] You're not going anywhere,
my pet.
What an unexpected trophy.
You have my thanks.
Isn't that…
Huh, I didn't even realize he was here.
[Matsuo] I'll be sure
to take really good care of him.
Perhaps we'll see each other
again sometime.
Farewell.
-[Minori grunts]
-[Reigen] Hmm?
-Huh?
-[Minori whimpers]
Kageyama. You're here?
Yeah.
[Reigen] Hold up.
You guys know each other?
[Dimple] Nah, she probably just remembers
what happened over there.
Are you really always like that?
In real life, I mean.
Uh, yeah. Actually, I am.
Sorry.
[footsteps receding]
[sobbing]
-[somber music playing]
-I'm sorry. Really sorry.
I was so awful! I'm so sorry!
[Mob] It's okay. I know.
Know what?
That people are able to change.
Mogami and Minori both taught me
that it's possible.
The people around me changed me as well.
Now I understand that I can do
the same thing for others too.
So I get it.
And I'm glad we were able to meet.
[breathes shakily]
Thank you so much.
-[soft upbeat music playing]
-[Masashi] So what you're saying is,
the one who saved you was a boy
in the same grade as you?
Yeah, why do you ask?
Well, there wasn't a middle school student
-among the people that I hired.
-[Minori] Huh?
He wasn't even asked to be there,
but somehow he managed to cast out
an evil spirit that nobody else could,
and then left without saying a word.
That's so cool.
I hope I can see him again.
I've been digging around online,
and after a bit of research,
this caught my eye.
PSYCHO HELMET RELIGION
Hey. Isn't that…
[man 1] Our religious organization
won't survive on donations alone.
It's gonna be impossible
to build a headquarters.
[man 2] And our beloved leader
is still nowhere to be found.
-[man 3] Hmm.
-[laptop chimes]
THERE HAS BEEN A DEPOSIT OF 500,000 JPY
-[chomps]
-[Mob] I don't get it, Master.
-Why aren't you claiming your reward?
-[Reigen gulps]
Just look at how many people got hurt.
Not exactly a big success. [slurps]
[sighs] You should never accept money
that you feel you haven't earned.
If you do, you'll start taking
the easy way out every time.
You just don't wanna be
held responsible, huh?
That's not it, moron!
Anyway, history has shown us
that no good ever comes out of drowning
in wealth, fame, or power.
Think about it, Mogami let his own power
swallow him up too.
-[slurping quietly]
-[Reigen] You know,
you're better off working part-time for me
than becoming famous or powerful.
I hope this serves
as a good lesson for ya.
Come on, give me a friggin' break.
[Mob slurps, gasps]
[music concludes]
[Reigen] Hey, quit clowning around
with your classmates, Mob!
We're busy here!
They're just using you, anyway!
[laughs] Jeez. You never learn, do ya?
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 II,
episode six, "Poor, Lonely, Whitey."
The DVDs? That's an excellent decision.